happy birthday
to you
well this is your daddy's
brought back from the war
figures time to pass it on
it's the best present i ever got thank
you
how and why people from two points on a
map without even a straight line between
them can be connected
is at the heart of our story and knock
them stiff
[Music]
you ever think about how we ended up
orphans living in the same house
i know what my daddy did
some people would say it's just dumb
luck
you take pictures i do i see a smile
pretty enough to photograph that is
others would tell you it was god's plan
blessed are they who hunger and thirst
for righteousness that ain't no preacher
he's as bad as they got on a damn radio
when people look back on it they had no
other choice
there's a lot of no good sons and
out there
[Music]
excuse me preacher you got time for a
center
you know i studied something it's called
a delusion
a belief that is untrue
it is our delusion to lead us to sin
delusions
[Music]
some people were born just so they could
be buried
what i'm about to do i do
because i have to
not because i want to
[Music]
you